feat(core): add `@Transactional()` decorator (#6143)
mikro-orm/mikro-orm: docs/docs/identity-map.md

Sometimes you may prefer to just ensure the method is executed inside a request context, and reuse the existing context if available. You can use the `@EnsureRequestContext()` decorator here, it behaves exactly like the `@CreateRequestContext`, but only creates new context if necessary, reusing the existing one if possible.

## `@Transactional()` decorator

> If you want to ensure that the method runs within a transaction scope, use `@Transactional()` decorator. The operations inside the function are performed within a new transaction context, and upon function completion, flush and commit are automatically executed. This decorator can also be used in a nested manner. For more details about transactions, check the document on [Transactions](./transactions).

Reviewer: we should also mention the context option and that it works the same as the one for `@CreateRequestContext` decorator

Sometimes you may prefer to just ensure the method is executed inside a request context, and reuse the existing context if available. You can use the `@EnsureRequestContext()` decorator here, it behaves exactly like the `@CreateRequestContext`, but only creates new context if necessary, reusing the existing one if possible.

## `@Transactional()` decorator
If you want to ensure that the method runs within a transaction scope, use `@Transactional()` decorator.

> You can provide the same callback that can be used in `@CreateRequestContext()` decorator as `context` option, which means you can specify the context in which the transaction begins. The function are performed within a new transaction context, and upon function completion, flush and commit are automatically executed. This decorator can also be used in a nested manner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can provide the same callback that can be used in the `@CreateRequestContext()` decorator via the `context` option, allowing you to handle the injection of the EntityManager in non-standard scenarios. The function is executed within a new transaction context, and upon completion, flush and commit are automatically executed. This decorator can also be used in a nested manner.
```

> For more details about transactions, check the document on [Transactions](./transactions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details about transactions, check the [Transactions section](./transactions).
```
